Birthdays are filled with yesterday’s memories, today’s joys, and tomorrow’s dreams.
Growing old is mandatory; growing up is optional. ~ Chili Davis
May this year be your best ever.
I hope all your birthday dreams and wishes come true.
Not just a year older, but a year better.
Here's to another year of experience.
A simple celebration, a gathering of friends; here's to wishing you great happiness and a joy that never ends.
A birthday is just the first day of another 365-day journey around the sun. Enjoy the trip.
Happy birthday, may this day always be a special one to remember.
May the best of your past be the worst of your future. Wishing that this is your best birthday yet.
Hope your birthday blossoms into lots of dreams come true!
I hope that for every candle on your cake you get a wonderful surprise.
May your birthday be filled with sunshine and smiles, laughter, love, and cheer.
Happy birthday and many happy returns of the day.
You're at that perfect age where you're old enough to know better, but young enough not to care.
May this year be the best of your life, until the next one. Happy birthday!
May every glowing candle on your cake transorm into a wish that will turn into reality.
Just like fine wine, you grow better with the years. Happy birthday.
Happy birthday to someone who is forever young.
Here's to celebrating you!
Wishing you the happiest of birthdays.
You're not getting older, just more distinguished.
 Life is a journey, so enjoy every mile. Happy birthday.
May your special day be filled with memories and flowers, friendship and happy hours.
Because you're you, I'm celebrating today! Happy birthday.
Go you, its your birthday, we're going to party like its your birthday!
You're older today than yesterday but younger than tomorrow, Happy bday!
Wishing you a wonderful day and fabulous year.
You were born to party.
Remember, you'll be this age for only one year but you'll be awesome forever.
Today is not just the end of another year, it's the beginning of a new one.
Happy birthday to a not-so-old oldtimer.
May your birthday be filled with excitement, joy, and laughter.
On this special day, I just want to say Happy birthday.
Don't count your years for we all know you're one year older than last year.
Best day ever: (MM/DD/YY)
Age does not matter, you can party as much as you want.
happy birthday messages
Birthdays mean: cake, presents, wrapping paper, money, clothes, friends, parties etc. What more could you want on your birthday?
Your birthday only comes around once a year, so let's make today a day to remember.
Today is a gift of life, today it's your bithday.
Thinking of you and wishing you all the best on your special day.
Wishing you another wonderful year of happiness and joy. Happy birthday!
Happy birthday to someone who deserves a truly happy day.
Hope you have the greatest birthday ever!
May your birthday be so special that you find yourself smiling long after it's over.
Happy birthday! Surround yourself with the laughter and love of those you hold dear today and everyday.
May you have a great time today and find happiness in everything you do.
May each and every passing year bring you wisdom, peace and cheer.
May this day bring to you all things that make you smile.
Age is all but a number.
Hope your birthday is just the beginning of a year full of happiness.
You think you're special because its your birthday today. That's complete nonsense... you're special every day.
You're weird. Don't change. Happy birthday.
Hope you have a birthday that's as cool as you.
A happy birthday to a wonderful and terrific marvelous you.
I hope that for every candle on your cake you get a wonderful surprise.
You sure don't look your age... I mean that in a good way.
May this birthday be just the beginning of a year filled with happy memories, wonderful moments and shining dreams.
Hope you have a birthday as awesome as you are.
Age is just a value; the higher the age the higher its value.
You're a gift to the world. How's that for a reverse birthday wish?
Another birthday? Why it seems only yesterday that you were a whole year younger. Happy birthday!
Whatever your dreams, whether big or small, may this year be the year in which you have them all fulfilled.
Happy Birthday Cake Day!
Smile! It's your birthday.
One year older and a whole lot wiser
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery but today is a gift, that's why it's called a present. Enjoy your present today, happy birthday.
You'll never again be as young as you are today, so have fun and enjoy your day.
You're aged to perfection.
Happy birthday! Save me some cake!
Hope you have a stupendous birthday.
You're a year older and you haven't changed one bit. That's great, because you're perfect just the way you are.